this past weekend kicked off our
national showcase camp tour this
winter's tour is expected to produce as
many if not more potential College
kickers punters and snappers than ever
before we're excited to highlight these
guys who did a great job at this past
weekend's event and we look forward to
seeing the town in the for other regions
that will be hitting up in the next two
to three weeks cobalt daga 2015 kicker
from pennsylvania and outstanding
showing this past weekend cole has done
well at many other kohls camps and truly
showed an improvement in leg strength on
kickoffs col1 the kickoff competition at
the end of camp and also won the
charting portion of the kickoffs that we
do at the beginning of camp another 2015
prospect Chris Wilkinson from the state
of Florida showed very well at Camp
Chris made nine out of ten field goals
in the charting portion of camp and
finished second in the field goal
competition chris has a nice long frame
and a smooth swing which should interest
college coaches in the months to come
Kyle festa been a a 2015 kicker from New
York showed very well at Camp Kyle
finished second and kickoffs in the
charting portion at camp and made eight
out of ten field goals off the ground
Matt Amendola a 2015 kicker from
Pennsylvania also made nine out of ten
field goals in the charting portion of
camp did extremely well in the drill
work phase matt has the look and feel of
a college kicker Jake met sir a 2015
kicker/punter from Pennsylvania showed
very well at Camp Jake won the punting
competition and finished second in the
punt charting portion of camp he also
did well on kickoffs and showed an
ability to hit a long field goal in the
field goal drill work phase of camp
Andrew zeca 2015 punter from the state
of New Jersey did extremely well this
past weekend Andrew finished third in
the punting portion and show consistency
and good ball handling skills that
should translate to the college level as
opponent
Cory Griffith 2015 partner from the
state of Ohio also showed well at the
event Cory finished fourth and punting
and did a good job overall in the drill
work phase and with his frame and
overall ability to be able to hit
spirals should draw interest in the
coming weeks Brian Christian a 2015
product from the state of Ohio also did
well this past weekend making eight out
of ten field goals the 2016 class was
well represented this past weekend Evan
Staley from West Virginia did an
outstanding job in all three portions
field goals kickoffs and punts he's
someone to watch for in the coming years
and earned an invite to the
underclassmen challenge Irabu marry 2016
kicker/punter from pennsylvania showed
well this past weekend in many different
phases he earned an invite to the
underclassmen challenge and should show
while in Florida in the coming weeks
we'll hard at 2016 product from Ohio
charted out the best at camp this past
weekend his average Hank times and
distances were outstanding for an
underclassmen to other 2016 class
members that had a nice camp or Sam
tuckerman and Randy la both athletes
showed well throughout the entire camp
two members of the 2017 class showed
they can compete with anybody at the
event Blake albio from New York 2017
kicker/punter showed extremely well in
all phases he made eight out of ten
field goals and won the field goal
contest at the end of camp Jacob tanguay
from Ontario also did an extremely good
job in the drill work phase of camp
there will be someone to watch in the
years to come the eastern showcase had
many good snappers in attendance three
snappers separated themselves in the
charting portion of camp and showed
extremely well throughout the whole day
Logan see a 2015 snapper from Ohio
established himself as an outstanding
snapper at 6-foot 205 pounds he did a
great job in the morning charting
portion of camp and won the overall snap
contest at the end of camp Patrick fibs
6 foot 2 225 pound snapper from
Pennsylvania also had
standing day Patrick made 36 out of 45
total points he's a nice prospect
looking to find a home in the 2015 class
Corey Armstrong 6 foot 1 220 pound
junior from Ohio also had a great day
Corey charted out at 36 out of a
possible 45 points and showed good
rotation and overall speed on the snaps
as you can see many of these specialists
has worked extremely hard to craft their
skills to the point there at this next
weekend we'll be heading down to Atlanta
we look forward to seeing many of that
region's top kickers punters and
snappers in action and being able to
present them to you